# FootyMania
##Description
For this project me and 3 other team members were tasked with bringing an application idea to life. Prior to the actual build of the application, the project team members collaborated to create a user story and we expressed what motivated us to develop this type of application; the motivation came from the love of the sport Futbal and wanting to bring more people toegther through the sport. The team also created an elevator pitch to show the value and importance of the FootyMania application. One challenge was the team couldn't use BootStrap as a framework, we used Foundation as an alternative. The challenge is due to the fact the entire team is comfortable and experienced in BootStrap, where as when it came to Foundation we had no experience at all. One team member incorporated real time data at the top of the page by adding a marquee.js file. He implemented the marquee through a plugin and the team only needed to call the createMarquee() function. In addition to the marquee.js file a marquee.css file was created also to include custom styling for the marquee. Within the main.js file the team implemented several  API calls using AJAX. The APIs we utilized were https://rapidapi.com/theapiguy/api/free-football-soccer-videos1, https://rapidapi.com/api-sports/api/api-football, and https://api.giphy.com/v1/gifs/. It was important the APIs included a video of the team that was searched, also it needed to include stattistics and a GIF. A lot of functions were needed also for our page to work and have the key features we envisioned. 

### Credits


#### Links
